###WSTA Routes and Food Sources Maps

##Authored by: Abe Krell
---
The following web map's purpose is to see a link or relation between bus routes in the City and Winston-Salem run by the Winston Salem Transit Authority (WTSA) and food sources in the area.  This is to highlight how public transportation can be a solution to [hunger in the city.](https://www.wxii12.com/article/more-children-in-forsyth-county-experience-food-insecurity/36832719)  Food insecurity has been an [ongoing issue in Winston-Salem,](https://journalnow.com/news/local/hunger-study-calls-area-worst-in-u-s/article_136ce0c7-6763-5cb9-9e39-3f23dd0113ec.html) however, there has been a bettering of these conditions over the past few years due to an increase in food pantries and resources to feed the hungry in the area.  Despite this, the community has to consider how access to food is a key component to hunger issues around the city.

When it comes to the elements of the webmap, it supplies the user with nearly 100 different Food Pantries, Grocery Stores, Farmers Markets, and Corner Stores which one can get access to healthy foods, along with a generalized map of the routes run by the WTSA.  Although these routes are not differentiated, the opacity of the line determines how many lines go through a certain section of road (for example, a more busy road will feature a darker shade of blue compared to a street which only sees one route).  Each of the food sources will show the name of the facility on a click, and further information is featured on the left-hand side of the screen.  Also featured is a blue hue-shifted WTSA logo, and a favicon of the organization on the tab of the webpage.

In the future, I would like to differentiate between the 31 routes the WTSA operates, to show specifically where a bus user could take the bus to their local food source.  The process of attempting this challenge proved to be difficult, therefore the opacity visualization was used for this first version of the web map.
